.TH pi-cam 8 "September 12, 2013" "" "System Manager's Manual"
.SH NAME
\fBpi-cam \fP- a simple camera daemon for the Raspberry Pi
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.fam C
\fBpi-cam\fP [\fB-d\fP] [\fB-h\fP] [\fB-c\fP] [\fB-s\fP]
\fBservice\fP \fIpi-camd\fP [{start [\fB-d\fP][\fB-h\fP][\fB-s\fP]|stop|status|restart [\fB-d\fP][\fB-h\fP][\fB-s\fP]}]
.fam T
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
Battery monitoring for the Raspberry Pi\.\.\.
.PP
Pi-Cam is an open source Linux daemon for switch-based picture taking on the
Pi's camera module.
.PP
You can find the source code on GitHub:
.PP
.nf
.fam C
    https://github.com/hamishcunningham/pi-tronics/tree/master/pi-cam

.fam T
.fi
The core of the daemon is defined in three files:
.RS
.IP \(bu 3
/etc/pi-cam.conf - configuration data
.IP \(bu 3
/usr/sbin/\fBpi-cam\fP - the daemon itself
.IP \(bu 3
/etc/init.d/\fIpi-camd\fP - an interface to the init subsystem that
Linux uses to manage daemons (amongst other things)
.RE
.PP
The last of these, \fIpi-camd\fP, is used by the operating system to start and
stop Pi-Cam at boot or shutdown time, and can be used to control the daemon
manually when required. For example this command will stop the daemon:
.PP
.nf
.fam C
    sudo service pi-cam stop

.fam T
.fi
For more details see http://pi.gate.ac.uk/
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B
\fB-d\fP
Turn on debug mode.
.TP
.B
\fB-h\fP
The option \fB-h\fP displays help.
.TP
.B
\fB-c\fP
Command-line mode: for running the \fBpi-cam\fP script standalone.
.TP
.B
\fB-s\fP
Simulation mode: for testing etc. on non-Pi systems.
.SH EXAMPLE
Restart the daemon with debugging on:
.PP
.nf
.fam C
    $ sudo service pi-camd restart -d
.fam T
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBservice\fP(8)
.SH BUGS
Almost certainly!
.SH AUTHOR
Hamish Cunningham <http://pi.gate.ac.uk/>
